going out have a look at this the gods
were clearly on her side when she hit
this one match point against it and it
just dribbled over the net over onto the
French woman's side that's Natalie does
she in a match lastingly three and a
half hours she won the final set by 10
games to eight that was only 21 minutes
short of the all-time record for a
women's singles match at Wimbledon once
the ball rolled over the net and you
know from that point on I just thought
of matches in my second chance so in
order to try to perform the best a queen
did your heart skip a beat on that net
caught on the second match point yeah
easy because it was an air for a while
and then I didn't know where he's going
to bounce and once it went on her side I
just couldn't believe it was really
lucky and I'm just so so thrilled I
better mention the number one seed in
the men's event at Roger Federer he
looks very comfortable indeed he seems
to have got rid of his poor form he
raced past robin söderling in straight
sets the world number one will now place
mark jewcal in the third round now
talking about type finishes what about
England against new zealand in the
one-day international had controversy
and a type finished just have a look at
this because this is what everyone's
talking about this morning the keys were
chasing a total of 246 they went for a
quick single Ryan Sidebottom clash with
a batsman and then czyli he was run out
now everyone looked at paul collingwood
and unbelievably he did actually claim
the run out he apologized later well
needing to win off the last ball the
Kiwis thought they just got the single
to tie the match can we had overthrow so
new zealand won it the series they are
21 up and the next games at Lord's on
Saturday now a little bit later on in
the program we are going to be talking
about how we can find the next British
tennis champion here at Wimbledon now
remember we are encouraging you out
their youngsters having cereals about a
toast now to get out because I'm like
you to introduce you to the next
sensation here she it no down a bit down
a bit down a bit there she is wave say
good morning hello that is charisma now
charisma was watching breakfast last
year weren't you and she thought I do
what I really fancy a game of tennis she
went down with our help to a local
tennis club and
she is brilliant join us a little bit
later on lovely what a wonderful name as
well charisma because she has such a lot
of it more from creasing charisma a
little asian no take a look